[ADD] Include content related to interop impl to add new columns in settlement-report. (#1481)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/resources/changelog/current-year.en.md

## December 2021

### 29 de diciembre

> CHANGELOG
>
> New columns in "All transactions" report
>
> NEWS: FEATURE
>
> PRODUCT: REPORTS

> The columns `POI_WALLET_NAME` y `POI_BANK_NAME` allow businesses that charge with a Mercado Pago QR code to identify from which digital wallets or banks their payments came from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The columns `POI_WALLET_NAME` y `POI_BANK_NAME` allow businesses that charge with a Mercado Pago QR code to identify which digital wallets or banks their payments came from.
```

Both of them are the last columns of the report, which is why no conflict is generated by reference position (Column Number) or column mapping by keys (Header).

By default, these columns are disabled. To display them in the **"All Transactions"** report it is necessary to update the settings preferences from the dashboard or via API.

> Go to settings [from the panel](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/balance/reports/settlement/settings) o [via API](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/es/guides/manage-account/reports/account-money/api).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Go to settings [from the panel](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/balance/reports/settlement/settings) or [via API](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/guides/manage-account/reports/account-money/api).
```
